One of the requirements was to allow a user to add a
movie with their ranking of that movie.
Let's start in our MovieController class.
We'll add an HttpPost attribute with the route that will take in a userId.
We will create a method with a return type of IActionResult,
and call our method, AddMovie.
For the method parameters, we will add our userId,
but we'll also add a FromBody attribute,
along with our MovieRequest contract.
Adding the FromBody attribute will allow us to accept
values from the request a user is making,
and match these to the properties that are in our MovieRankRequest contract.
Let's add some properties to our MovieRankRequest class.
We'll add the following, MovieName, Description, Actors, and Ranking.
These are all properties that will accept as part of our AddMovieRequest.
Heading back to our MovieController class,
we want to call off to our MovieRankService class to a method named AddMovie.
We'll pass in the UserId and the MovieRankRequest.
When that has completed successfully, we will return OK.
Inside our MovieRankService class,
we'll create a method AddMovie that has two parameters,
userId and MovieRankRequest.
Previously,
we we're mapping our response that we were getting back from
DynamoDB into our MovieResponse contract.
Here we want to map our userId and the MovieRankRequest into the MovieDb model,
ready to pass into DynamoDB.
Inside our method,
we will call off to our mapper to a method inside
our mapper called ToMovieDbModel,
and pass in the userId and the MovieRankRequest.
We haven't yet got this method inside our mapper,
so let's head over to our Mapper class and add it.
We will create a method with a return type of MovieDb named ToMovieDbModel,
with the userId and MovieRankRequest as parameters.
Inside our method, we will return a new MovieDb,
and we'll add in the code that will take in the
parameter arguments from our method, and map them into our MovieDb model.
You'll notice that for RankedDateTime, I'm using DateTime.UtcNow.
This will take the time that the request was made and add it to our
RankedDateTime property inside our MovieDb model.
We need to add the system using statement to allow us to use DateTime.
And we'll also add our method to the IMapper interface.
Now that we have met our request into our MovieDb model,
we will call off to our MovieRankRepository class to a method named AddMovie,
and pass in the movieDb model.
And we'll also add our method to our interface.
Heading over to our MovieRankRepository class,
we need to create a method named AddMovie that
accepts our MovieDb as a parameter.
Using our DynamoDB context, we'll be using the SaveAsync function,
and we'll pass in movieDb.
And we'll also add this method to our interface.
If we save our application and then build it, we can now run our application.
Inside Postman, we will add our localhost,
along with our route of movies, and pass in the userId that is adding the movie.
We want to set this request to be a POST,
and we also want to add values into the body of our request.
This matches the properties that we added to our
MovieRankRequest class inside our application.
So we'll add movieName Fast Draw, a description,
the actors in the movie, and the ranking.
We'll hit Send, and we get an OK 200 status back.
We'll ensure that we've saved our request into our MovieRank collection.
Let's use our GetMovieRequest that we created earlier to
make sure that this movie has been added.
Awesome.
We've added our movie, and we can see we're returned the movie that we just added.